Rewritten Collectable Objects (#54)
komatic5/gdcs2: content/docs/guides/The Editor/Collectable Objects.md

---

{{< callout context="note" title="TLDR - What this guide covers" icon="outline/info-circle" >}}
- The properties and functions of all collectable items.
- How collectables can be used to make levels more interactive using counters.

{{< /callout >}}

> Collectable objects are ones like keys which players can collect by default. For instance, in Fingerdash the player must collect 10 small coins to receive a large one later on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Collectable items** are objects which players can collect by default, like keys or coins. Usually, when they are collected, they trigger an action. For instance, in Fingerdash the player must collect 10 small coins to receive a large one later on.
```
